update the docs for rancher-backup (#3597)
rancher/docs: content/rancher/v2.6/en/backups/migrating-rancher/_index.md

- [K3s Kubernetes installation docs]({{<baseurl>}}/k3s/latest/en/installation/)

### 1. Install the rancher-backup Helm chart

> Choose the chart version based on Rancher version
> - rancher-backup chart version 1.x.x is for Rancher v2.5.x line
> - rancher-backup chart version 2.x.x is for Rancher v2.6.x line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install version 2.x.x of the rancher-backup chart.
```

Since this is on a v2.6 page, we can leave off the info on 2.5.x.
